             [[ Frozen-Bubble server ]]


    Copyright (c) 2004, 2006 Guillaume Cottenceau.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.


The Frozen-Bubble server is a standalone program acting as a
bridge between Frozen-Bubble clients (where the players are). It
uses the IP protocol thus players need Internet connectivity. It
has some logic to control creating and joining a game, and then
becomes a pure relay for in-game information communicated between
players.


]] Suitability to clients

Because all clients connect to the server, the problems arising
to clients/gamers behind NAT private networks and firewalls are
suppressed. A central repository (redundant) provides the list of
active servers, which are then presented to the player sorted
best pings first. Thus Frozen-Bubble network gaming should be
available to most people.


]] Suitability for hosting

Because of its bridging nature, the Frozen-Bubble server does not
need the Perl game engine and the data. It is written in C
language in the hope to be as portable as possible and imposing
the lowest dependancy constraints on servers hosting it. It tries
to behave as a good citizen by daemonizing and sending log
messages to syslog. It is typically distributed as source code or
statically linked binary (to prevent a dependancy on a precise
libc version and on the glib).

Check the contents and README of directory 'init' for init tools.


]] Security

C programs are ideal targets for crackers, essentially via format
attacks. This is why the Frozen-Bubble server doesn't use
arbitrary formats. Additionally, valgrind has been used to spot
and fix any reported memory allocation problems. Yet the fact
that the Frozen-Bubble server doesn't need root permissions for
running is also a good protection against possible remaining
problems.

Because the security of your server is crucial, our advice is to
create and use a special user to run it, in order to prevent from
any damage on your personal files if anything bad would happen.
You might also want to run it in rbash or with specially crafted
ulimits.


]] Scalability

The Frozen-Bubble server is not scalable. It is not multi-
threaded nor will fork to better handle a lot of parallel
requests. Additionally, it is limited to 255 simultaneous
players.

However, administrators willing to host more than one server can
launch any number of different Frozen-Bubble server processes on
a single machine, provided they use different TCP ports.


]] Server resource limits

A built-in upload counter allows to set a limit after which no
new players can connect to the server. It is useful for
administrators who can't spare more than a defined limited of
bandwidth from their hosting solution. It is believed to be
better than using kernel shaping or an external tool such as
trickle, because reaching the bandwidth limit wouldn't impair
existing players.

Note that server upload bandwidth use is around 100 bytes/second
per connected player.
