             [[ Frozen-Bubble server ]]


    Copyright (c) 2004, 2006 Guillaume Cottenceau.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.


This directory contains a suggested initscript and skeleton
configuration file for automatic starting of the Frozen-Bubble
server.

Since the Frozen-Bubble server at least needs to know the name of
the server (as displayed in the Frozen-Bubble clients which will
have to choose between available servers), a configuration file
is best suited for this purpose.

The initscript by default loads the '/etc/fb-server.conf' file
(-c commandline option controls the name of the configuration
file, if you need to modify its location or name). You have to
install and modify the skeleton configuration file specifying the
name of your server. Name must be 12 characters long maximum and
only contain characters in [a-z0-9.-].

Additionally, if you have the 'curl' executable installed, you
can let the initscript register and unregister the Frozen-Bubble
server automatically for you. What you need is changing
<server_hostname> according to the public hostname (or IP) of
your server.

If needed, other configuration parameters can be set in the
configuration file. Each configuration parameter must be on its
own line, first character is the name of the option, followed if
needed by a space character and the string parameter of the
option. The list of options can be retrieved by launching the
Frozen-Bubble server with option '--help'.

Here's an example of configuration file copied from the skeleton
configuration file, but also specifying the servername and the
server hostname, yet also specifying a different server port and
LAN mode:

--------8<--------8<--------8<--------8<--------8<--------8<-----
# Simplest Frozen-Bubble server configuration file. Just specify
# the desired name of your server below.
n zarb
p 1789
l

# For automatic registering of your server, set the public hostname
# (or IP) of your server here:
# server_hostname zarb.org
--------8<--------8<--------8<--------8<--------8<--------8<-----
